well it'd be a reconnaissance marine
first of all they're like the jedis of
the Marine Corps of 300 thousand Marines
there's 300 Rico Marines we went three
weeks straight with no sleep straight
fighting no armor no doors no rubes just
very capable violent professionals
60mm spearheading the blitzkrieg to get
to Baghdad
damn that's immense
my mission was to destroy any capacity
they have or artillery or mortars and
also of course the NBC you get our
biological chemical weapons
still smell the acridness of e rockin
she the dust in the eye chorus it
actually makes you felt kind of good
because I knew I could write in this
better than anybody else
Arizona Rockies
incoming outgoing artillery small-arms
machine guns and birds and rotary-wing
the sound of all the engines and the
radios going nonstop we're going back
and forth imagine seeing the freaking
cobras Criss crossing above you and the
base
is God like
we're systematically programmed to kill
so there was no issue for me killing
looking back I guess that changes you
our purpose in the next few minutes is
to acquaint you with the philosophy
behind the Marine Corps training the
kind of training which helps keep the
Marine Corps ready
do you know in our boot camp do you know
how we say the word yes down that's the
only thing you can say for yes Carol
that loud every time then we go into
ballistics then we're watching real
world headshots footage of of sniper
kills and then they're slowing it down
in slow motion ahead expanding three
times the size then vacuum collapse then
brains and skull when I saw that I
looked at myself inside and I said I
don't know if I have what it takes to do
this because there are still some human
in me
back at your time in Iraq do you think
it was worth it yes I mean it has to be
worth it
what stuff what's the alternative
you
[Music]